## Carpentries Bridge Subcommittee Meeting Minutes

### Date: 2016-08-05

### Attendance
Erin Becker  
Jonah Duckles  
Rayna Harris  
Kate Hertweck  
Maneesha Sane  
Tracy Teal  

### Not Attending  
None

### Updates

Update #2016-08-05/1  
Item: Policy Subcommittee  
Details: Call for Policy Subcommittee volunteers to go out along with Code of Conduct reporting guidelines and enforcement manual.  

### Discussions  

Discussion #2016-08-05/1  
Item: Joint branding and communications  
Details: Desire to present information relevant to both Carpentries in unified communications channels.   

Discussion #2016-08-05/2  
Item: Lab Meeting branding.  
Details: Rebrand Lab Meeting to Town Hall Meeting.  

Discussion #2016-08-05/3  
Item: Upcoming Town Hall Meeting  
Discussion: Set agenda for Town Hall Meeting for 2016-08-16.  

### Actions  

Erin Becker: Send out call for Policy Subcommittee volunteers on Blog, Discuss, GitHub and Twitter.  

Kate Hertweck: Set up joint Carpentries Facebook page.  

Tracy Teal: Set up GitHub repo for carpentries.org.  

Jonah Duckles: Set up HootSuite account for joint Tweeting.  

Erin Becker: Start movement of instructor resources to carpentries.org.  

Jonah Duckles: Rebrand Lab Meeting to Town Hall Meeting.  
