## Carpentries Bridge Subcommittee Meeting Report  

### Date: 2016-09-02  

### Attendance  
Rayna Harris  
Kate Hertweck  
Tracy Teal  
Maneesha Sane  

### Not Attending    
Erin Becker  
Jonah Duckles  

### Updates  

Update #2016-09-02/1   
Item:  Policy subcommittee is now in place.   
Details: Membership is Chris Hamm, Pauline Barmby, Simon Waldman, Aleksandra Pawlik, Tracy Teal, Erin Becker, and Jonah Duckles with 
Karin Lagensen as SWC SC liaison. Deadline for community comments on CoC revision is 9/9. Policy subcommittee will then finalize and 
send to SCs.  

Update #2016-09-02/2  
Item: IRB approval for assessment.  
Details: DC/SWC has IRB approval through UC Davis to use past and future survey results in research publications. 
The study as described was deemed not human subjects research.  

### Discussions   

Discussion #2016-09-02/1   
Item: Privacy policy.  
Details: Privacy policy revisions have been run by the NumFOCUS attorney. Staff will review and then get back to SCs.   

Discussion #2016-09-02/2    
Item: Town Hall meetings/Community call  
Details: Planned schedule and potential topics for upcoming town halls. Community meeting collaboration can be activity of the Bridge
Committee.  

Discussion #2016-09-02/3   
Item: Communicating policy with instructors.  
Details: Discussing strategy for how to communicate new policies with instructors. Also how to communicate with people
interested in SWC/DC activities.  

Discussion #2016-09-02/4   
Item: Growing local regions or chapters  
Details: Interest in growing local regions/chapters to support SWC/DC instructors and learners. First steps to gather information on how
to build local chapters.  


